hey Brian welcome back to the Cardinal
Athletic Complex has been about eight
weeks since you are out in
original tour when the site was just
getting constructed we're really
thrilled and the community is excited
along with our students and staff to
unveil the new complex this Friday night
as you can see we're putting some final
landscaping touches in this afternoon
and as you come into the complex you're
going to be greeted at a big concrete
plaza area where the visitors will go
off one direction and the home team will
be funneled up towards their grandstand
and as you pan around you see we've
added about three hundred plus parking
stalls to make access to our facility
nice and convenient for our fans coming
out to check out the facilities
we're into this almost courtyard plaza
area press facilities right there team
facilities and write down out of this
new artificial surface that I think a
lot of small colleges would very much
like to have trainers new football
soccer track and field complex top load
bleachers so you take your step or two
down and you ready for some football
we're looking at the home bleachers here
but you know you can get a burger you
need to take that restroom break
concessions restrooms huge area to eat
your food drink your beverage if you
choose to and not a bad view from here
either
you're taking a look here at the home
grandstand for the Cardinal fans we're
excited we should be able to fit about
950 loyal fans in there cheering on the
Cardinals on top of that we are excited
our coaches and our management folks
that help control the scoreboards and
video boards have a new press box
divided into six Bay's up there media
will be excited to have a nice place to
sit and cover the game and then we
actually have an upper level of that
where you can stand in videotape as you
pan around the field see some of the
access we have three terraces in the
east end zone and that's a great vantage
point is who we saw did those so that
grass is coming in nicely steps there
they'll be able to access for those that
like to view from the end zones they
have a place to stand and kind of get
that collegiate feel of watching the
game from above this is correct as you
pan over to the visitor bleachers have
enough seats to accommodate about 250 we
do have concrete sidewalk all the way
around the perimeter also so we have a
lot of places for fans to get a great
vantage point as well as standing on the
banks behind the visitor bleachers
you'll note that there's a practice
field up there that's where also the
three disqus rings and three shotput
areas are for track season and then in
the southwest corner and we'll take a
look at that there's some additional
visitor parking down there to
accommodate about 90 more vehicles as
you pan around to the west end of the
stadium see the new scoreboard it's all
illuminated in the evening I have a
video component on the top and i'll have
some students that will be controlling
the video aspect as well as our
scoreboard and in kind of the north west
corner of the site a new restroom
concession stand storage area and then
we have a nice great big concrete plaza
out front that's going to be loaded with
some picnic tables and great another
great place for fans to take in the
ballgame I'll take that and we just get
a look a little more at this field let's
all get down a little bit artificial all
the way around so we're right at the 50
here
football and soccer
a game starts at seven o'clock versus
the Underwood Eagles but at six thirty
we're going to kind of break open to
have a grand ceremony starting with our
school board members members of our
design team of the project and the
construction team of the project we're
going to have a ribbon-cutting ceremony
to well be down there to kind of open it
up then about 650 we're going to have a
little ceremony of having our game ball
being dropped from the sky we have
skydivers are going to participate in
our ceremony they'll also have another
skydiver come in with the American flag
which will start off our tradition of
our American Legion doing our flag
raising ceremony they'll walk the field
to the flagpole where we'll have a
gentleman who participate in the first
raising of the flag pole at our old
stadium and then he'll be able to raise
the flag here at our new stadium so he's
excited about that we have the Boy
Scouts are going to assist with that so
we're making this a definitely a
community effort